Get the certificate and get you a big head ghost
Oops, here's 2,000 bucks
Don't tell anyone what happened last night
Come to Longhai City for three years
Finally found you
Although you have lost your memory this year
But I will fulfill everything I promised you
Your everything
I have to understand the equations
Little language here I come
Go up
God
Your Majesty, you have disappeared for 3 years
The bosses all over the world have been looking for you for the past 3 years
Avoided you for three years
You still found it.
How did you find me?
When you were a gangster at the Tianhe Group senior school
Just happened to be shot down by nearby surveillance
Listen to me clearly
Don't reveal my whereabouts to anyone
Especially a few women from abroad
Hey, hey, the commander's subordinates dare to ask
These three years
What are you doing in this little Longhai City?
shut up
I slept with my wife
Save the child now
This and others
Nothing to do with me
Do you understand?
hop in.